Added EasyDataverse to docs (#9448)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/api/client-libraries.rst

Python
------

There are multiple Python modules for interacting with Dataverse APIs.

> `EasyDataverse <https://github.com/gdcc/easyDataverse>`_ is a Python library designed to simplify the management of Dataverse datasets in an object-oriented way, giving users the ability to upload, download, and update datasets with ease. By utilizing metadata block configurations, EasyDataverse automatically generates Python objects that contain all the necessary details required by the Dataverse JSON file, simplifying metadata report to mapping values to fields of interest. Adding files and directories is also possible with EasyDataverse and require no additional API calls. This library is particularly well-suited for client applications such as workflows and scripts, as it minimizes technical complexities and facilitates swift development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EasyDataverse <https://github.com/gdcc/easyDataverse>`_ is a Python library designed to simplify the management of Dataverse datasets in an object-oriented way, giving users the ability to upload, download, and update datasets with ease. By utilizing metadata block configurations, EasyDataverse automatically generates Python objects that contain all the necessary details required to create the native Dataverse JSON format used to create or edit datasets. Adding files and directories is also possible with EasyDataverse and requires no additional API calls. This library is particularly well-suited for client applications such as workflows and scripts as it minimizes technical complexities and facilitates swift development.
```
